Updates to readme (#248)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: README.md

![Terraform Provider Iterative](https://static.iterative.ai/img/cml/banner-terraform.png)

> The Iterative Provider is a Terraform plugin that enables full lifecycle

Reviewer: (Slightly off–topic)

[Not even they](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/index.html) agree on terminology, but mentioning both “provider” and “plugin” in the same line might be a bit too much. Given the repository name and the terminology on Terraform Registry, I would stick with “provider” everywhere.

Author: "The Iterative Provider is a Terraform provider" sounds too repetitive to me. They use "plugin" in their own docs for providers too - "The Terraform AWS provider is a plugin for Terraform that allows for the full lifecycle management of AWS resources. This provider is maintained internally by the HashiCorp AWS Provider team." [https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws)

![Terraform Provider Iterative](https://static.iterative.ai/img/cml/banner-terraform.png)

The Iterative Provider is a Terraform plugin that enables full lifecycle
management of computing resources for machine learning pipelines, including GPUs, from your favorite cloud vendors.

The Iterative Provider makes it easy to:

> - Rapidly move local machine learning experiments to a cloud infrustructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rapidly move local machine learning experiments to cloud infrastructure
```

Author: "move to a cloud infrastructure" feels correct to me as there can be different kinds of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rapidly move local machine learning experiments to a cloud infrastructure
```

Reviewer: 👌🏼  Left the controversial “a” in place. 😄  Still, it sounds a bit artificial. Pinging @casperdcl and his opinions... 🪔 🧞‍♂️

- Take advantage of training models on spot instances without losing any progress
- Configure provisioning of compute resources from any of the supported vendors in a unified manner
- Automatically unregister and remove cloud resources (never forget to turn your GPU off again)

## Prerequisites

To use Iterative Provider you will need to:

- [Install](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli#install-terraform) Terraform 1.0+.

> - Make sure you have an account with a cloud vendor of choice, and have the respective authentication credentials saved into environment variables. Check out cloud-specific authentication method details in the [docs](<(https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest)>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have an account with a cloud vendor of choice, and have the respective authentication credentials set as environment variables. Check out cloud-specific authentication method details in the [docs](<(https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest)>)
```

Nitpick: the suggestion is far from ideal, but “save as” seems a bit too “graphical” for environment variables.

> Iterative Provider can provision resources with the following vendors and systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterative Provider can provision resources with the following cloud providers and orchestrators:
```

“Cloud provider” is, [by far](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=cloud+provider%2Ccloud+vendor&year_start=2000&year_end=2019&corpus=26&smoothing=1&case_insensitive=true) more popular than “cloud vendor”, although the former might be a bit ambiguous in a context where we also talk about [Terraform] providers.

Author: Yeah, that was my reasoning. We have Iterative Provider and cloud providers... Even though these are not the same thing, it feels repetitive. But I'll commit your suggestion.

Reviewer: Yes, it's an unlucky coincidence. In fact, a Terraform Provider is intended to be an abstraction layer for a single Cloud Provider; _id est:_ [`terraform-provider-aws`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws) abstracts all the AWS resources.

Reviewer: If you believe that we should use “vendors” instead, we should probably update all the documentation. 😅

- Amazon Web Services
- Google Cloud Platform
- Microsoft Azure
- Kubernetes

## Example usage

```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    iterative = {

>       source  = "iterative/iterative"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      source = "iterative/iterative"
```

`terraform fmt` 💅🏼

    }
  }
}

provider "iterative" {}

> resource "iterative_task" "task" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "iterative_task" "example" {
```
For consistency

  name  = "example"
  cloud = "aws"

  script = <<-END
    #!/bin/bash
    echo "hello!"
  END
}
```

## Documentation

You can find detailed documentation on how to configure and use the Iterative Provider [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest).

## Support

> If you find any issues or missing a feature? Let us know via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/issues). Have questions? Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N), we'll be happy to help you get started!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you found any issues or missing a feature? Let us know via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/issues). Have questions? Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N), we'll be happy to help you get started!
```
Otherwise, the question mark would feel unnecessary (?)

Author: My bad, typo

> Have you found any issues or missing a feature? Let us know via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/issues). Have questions? Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N), we'll be happy to help you get started!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you found any issues or missing features? Let us know via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/issues). Have questions? Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N), we'll be happy to help you get started!
```

Nitpick: for consistency

# Iterative Provider [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-documentation-5c4ee5?logo=terraform)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest/docs)

The Iterative Provider is a Terraform plugin that enables full lifecycle
management of computing resources for machine learning pipelines, including GPUs, from your favorite cloud vendors.

The Iterative Provider makes it easy to:

- Rapidly move local machine learning experiments to a cloud infrastructure
- Take advantage of training models on spot instances without losing any progress

> - Configure provisioning of compute resources from any of the supported vendors in a unified manner

Reviewer: If resource provisioning counts as configuration, 👍🏼

> - Configure provisioning of compute resources from any of the supported vendors in a unified manner

Author: @casperdcl  How about "Unify configuration of resources from various cloud compute providers." ?

> - Automatically unregister and remove cloud resources (never forget to turn your GPU off again)

Reviewer: I'd prefer to be consistent with Terraform and only use `destroy`

## Prerequisites

To use Iterative Provider you will need to:

- [Install](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli#install-terraform) Terraform 1.0+.

> - Make sure you have an account with a cloud vendor of choice, and have the respective authentication credentials set as environment variables. Check out cloud-specific authentication method details in the [docs](<(https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest)>)

Reviewer: I know you dislike `<link>` but Restyled is going to complain for the umptieth time if we commit that suggestion. 😈

> - Make sure you have an account with a cloud vendor of choice, and have the respective authentication credentials set as environment variables. Check out cloud-specific authentication method details in the [docs](<(https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest)>)

Reviewer 2: really? I don't see any complaints. Why would `<link>` be needed?

> Iterative Provider can provision resources with the following cloud providers and orchestrators:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Iterative Provider can provision resources with the following cloud providers and orchestrators:
```

- Amazon Web Services
- Google Cloud Platform

> - Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: Yes, feel free to do so. In fact, short codes are also sorted by popularity... “sort” of.

* `aws`
* `az`
* `gcp`
* `k8s`

provider "iterative" {}

resource "iterative_task" "example" {
  name  = "example"

>   cloud = "aws"

Reviewer: It's `m` by default, and not required. If we want to showcase power features instead of simplicity, I'm fine with adding it.

_Post scriptum: it's `machine` and not `instance_type`_ 😈

>   cloud = "aws"

Reviewer 2: updated suggestion

>   name  = "example"
>   cloud = "aws"
>   machine = "m+v100"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  name    = "example"
  cloud   = "aws"
  machine = "m+v100"
```

... because `terraform fmt`

  script = <<-END
    #!/bin/bash
    echo "hello!"
  END
}
```

## Documentation

> You can find detailed documentation on how to configure and use the Iterative Provider [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest).

Author: "More details of" doesn't sound correct to me. "More details on" feels more natural. Am I wrong on this?

> You can find detailed documentation on how to configure and use the Iterative Provider [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest).

Reviewer 2: updated suggestion

## Support

Have you found any issues or missing features? Let us know via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/issues). Have questions? Join our [community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N), we'll be happy to help you get started!

## License

> Iterative Provider is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Iterative Provider is released under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/blob/master/LICENSE).
```

## Development

### Install Go 1.17+

Refer to the [official documentation](https://golang.org/doc/install) for specific instructions.

### Clone the repository

```console
git clone https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative
cd terraform-provider-iterative
```

### Install the provider

Build the provider and install the resulting binary to the [local mirror directory](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#implied-local-mirror-directories):

```console
make install
```

### Create a test file

Create a file named `main.tf` in an empty directory with the following contents:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    iterative = {
      source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"
    }
  }
}

provider "iterative" {}

# ... paste resource blocks from

> # ... the documentation examples

Reviewer: ...or not. Do we really want to maintain another full code snippet just to exemplify prepending `github.com` to the name?

> # ... paste resource blocks from
> # ... the documentation examples

Reviewer 2: oh if this was a user-facing instruction rather than an incomplete note-to-self, then...

```suggestion
# ... other resource blocks ...
```

or

```suggestion
# ... etc ...
```

or even

```suggestion
```

> # ... paste resource blocks from
> # ... the documentation examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ...
```
Even this, maybe?

```

> **Note:** specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` instead of `source = "iterative/iterative"` in order to use your local build, as opposed to downloading the latest stable release.

Reviewer: **No**, it isn't.

> **Note:** specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` instead of `source = "iterative/iterative"` in order to use your local build, as opposed to downloading the latest stable release.

Reviewer: Ironic, right?

> **Note:** specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` instead of `source = "iterative/iterative"` in order to use your local build, as opposed to downloading the latest stable release.

Reviewer 2: ridiculous

> **Note:** specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` instead of `source = "iterative/iterative"` in order to use your local build, as opposed to downloading the latest stable release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** to use your local build, specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` (`source = "iterative/iterative"` will downloading the latest stable release instead).
```
